# Subtitle Automation for Videos

Generating closed captions can be costly, especially for indie filmmakers, and it's required for most distribution situations.

What's worse, the quality can vary if you have a third party do it. But if you have the screenplay, then you've already got the dialogue information which is in some cases is the biggest part of the raw data for a third party to generate in the process.

## script_to_csv.py:

Convert a text version of a screenplay into either a CSV file or a transcript-formatted text file. The CSV can be useful for things like making continuity lists. The transcript can be imported into the free application Subtitle Edit (http://www.nikse.dk/subtitleedit/). Then you just have to deal with timings and corrections (e.g. if the script is out of sync with the final dialogue) and non-dialogue info.


## caption_adjuster.py

Input an SCC file, e.g. generated by Subtitle Edit, in which you've lined up your subtitles at the right times according to the video. This adjusts the times to take into account SCC buffer delays.

Why? My distributor required SCC format. This is pretty old format with inadequate information online about it. But you can generate it from both Subtitle Edit and you can test it on both YouTube and Vimeo. The main problem is that SCC doesn't list absolute start/end times for subtitles. So you have to take into account a mysterious variable of time per character to shift the subtitles earlier so by the time they are loaded they display at the right time.
